docs: refactor and improve environment setup (#219)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/developer/creating-test-environment.md

# Set up the test environment

## Contents
* [Provision clusters and OCI registry](#provision-clusters-and-oci-registry)
* [Create module operator and bundle module](#create-module-operator-and-bundle-module)
* [Install Kyma and run lifecycle-manager operator](#install-kyma-and-run-lifecycle-manager-operator)
* [Verify installation](#verify-the-installation)

### Provision clusters and OCI registry

You can choose between either a single-cluster or a two-cluster setup.

> - In a **_single cluster setup_**, provision one cluster - as control-plane (KCP) and Kyma runtime (SKR) both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a **_single cluster setup_**, provision one cluster - as control-plane (KCP) and Kyma runtime (SKR) are served from one cluster.
```
